DOCSP-40893 connect to mongo (#54)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/connect.txt

.. _java-rs-connect:

==================
Connect to MongoDB
==================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference
 
.. meta::
   :description: Learn how to use the Java Reactive Streams driver to connect to MongoDB.
   :keywords: client, deploy, replica

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:
   :maxdepth: 1

   /connect-to-mongo/create-a-mongo-client
   /connect-to-mongo/choose-connection-target
   /connect-to-mongo/connection-options

Overview
--------

This page contains code examples that show how to connect your {+java-rs+} application
to MongoDB with various settings.

.. tip::

  To learn more about the connection options on this page, see the link
  provided in each section.

To use a connection example from this page, copy the code example into the
:ref:`sample application <java-rs-connect-sample>` or your own application.

> Be sure to replace all placeholders in the code examples, such as ``<hostname>``, with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to replace all placeholders in the code examples, such as ``<Atlas connection string>``, with
```
There aren't any instances of <hostname> in the code examples on this page so changing the example here.
